README.md, before:

```markdown
# FlipMyFile: Comprehensive Format Transformation System

A sophisticated developer toolchain for intelligent file format conversion, focusing on advanced transformation techniques for images, videos, and audio files.

## Key Technologies

- TypeScript for robust configuration management
- FFmpeg integration for powerful media processing
- Browser-based conversion for privacy and security
- Hybrid parsing with intelligent fallback mechanisms
- Advanced caching and optimization strategies

## Features

- Convert between 48+ file formats across images, videos, and audio
- Automatic format detection based on file extensions
- Category-specific visual styles for different format types
- Comprehensive backup and restore system
- No file size limits for local conversions

## Format Support

### Image Formats
- HEIC/HEIF (High Efficiency Image Format)
- JPEG/JPG
- PNG
- WebP
- GIF
- SVG
- BMP
- TIFF
- And more...

### Video Formats
- MP4
- AVI
- WebM
- MKV
- MOV
- FLV
- And more...

### Audio Formats
- MP3
- WAV
- FLAC
- OGG
- AAC
- And more...

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v16+)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/brookcs3/FlipMyFile.git
cd FlipMyFile

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up environment variables
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration

# Start the development server
npm run dev
```

## Project Structure

```
FlipMyFile/
├── client/             # Frontend code
├── server/             # Backend server
├── shared/             # Shared types and utilities
├── scripts/            # Build and utility scripts
├── docs/               # Documentation
└── versions/           # Version snapshots
```

## Step-by-Step Tutorial

### 1. Setting Up the Environment

1. Make sure you have Node.js v16+ installed
```bash
node --version
```

2. Clone the repository and install dependencies
```bash
git clone https://github.com/brookcs3/FlipMyFile.git
cd FlipMyFile
npm install
```

3. Create your environment file
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

### 2. Using the Basic Converter

1. Navigate to http://localhost:3000 in your browser
2. Click the "Upload File" button
3. Select the file you want to convert
4. Choose your target format from the dropdown menu
5. Click "Convert"
6. When conversion is complete, click "Download" to save your file

### 3. Advanced Conversion Options

1. For advanced options, click "Show Advanced Options"
2. Adjust quality, resolution, or format-specific settings
3. Apply custom transformations if needed
4. Click "Convert" to process with these settings

### 4. Using the FFmpeg-Enhanced Converter

1. Navigate to the FFmpeg demo page at http://localhost:3000/ffmpeg-demo
2. Upload your media file
3. Select from the expanded format options
4. Adjust advanced parameters as needed
5. Click "Convert" to process your file
6. Download the converted file when ready

### 5. Creating a Backup

1. To create a system backup:
```bash
./scripts/create_version.sh "Your version description"
```

2. List available backups:
```bash
./scripts/list_versions.sh
```

3. Restore from a backup:
```bash
./scripts/restore_version.sh "version_name"
```

### 6. Contributing to the Project

1. Create a new branch for your feature
```bash
git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
```

2. Make your changes and commit them
```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Add your feature description"
```

3. Push your branch and create a pull request
```bash
git push origin feature/your-feature-name
```

### 7. Extending Format Support

1. To add support for a new format:
   - Add the format identifier in `shared/formats.ts`
   - Implement converter in `client/converters/` directory
   - Add UI elements for the new format in the frontend

2. Test your new format:
   - Create test files in various sizes and configurations
   - Run conversion tests both ways (to and from your format)
   - Document any limitations or special handling requirements

### 8. Custom Transformation Workflows

1. Create a custom workflow for batch processing:
   - Define your workflow in a JSON configuration file
   - Add your configuration to the `workflows/` directory
   - Use the batch processing API to execute your workflow

2. Example workflow command:
```bash
npm run workflow:execute -- --config=workflows/my-custom-workflow.json
```

### 9. Deploying to Production

1. Build the production version:
```bash
npm run build
```

2. Deploy using your preferred hosting service (Vercel, Netlify, etc.)
```bash
npm run deploy
```

3. For server components, consider using Docker:
```bash
docker build -t flipmyfile .
docker run -p 3000:3000 flipmyfile
```

### 10. Troubleshooting Common Issues

1. If conversions are failing:
   - Check that FFmpeg is properly installed
   - Verify file permissions on input/output directories
   - Check browser console for detailed error messages

2. If performance is slow:
   - Enable the cache system in settings
   - Reduce the quality settings for faster conversions
   - Process smaller batches for large conversion jobs

Feel free to open issues on GitHub if you encounter any problems!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
```

Commit message:

Update README.md with new repository information

README.md, after:

```markdown
# FlipMyFile: Comprehensive Format Transformation System

A sophisticated developer toolchain for intelligent file format conversion, focusing on advanced transformation techniques for images, videos, and audio files. Designed for deployment with modern CI/CD pipelines.

## Key Technologies

- TypeScript for robust configuration management
- FFmpeg integration for powerful media processing
- Browser-based conversion for privacy and security
- Hybrid parsing with intelligent fallback mechanisms
- Advanced caching and optimization strategies

## Features

- Convert between 48+ file formats across images, videos, and audio
- Automatic format detection based on file extensions
- Category-specific visual styles for different format types
- Comprehensive backup and restore system
- No file size limits for local conversions

## Format Support

### Image Formats
- HEIC/HEIF (High Efficiency Image Format)
- JPEG/JPG
- PNG
- WebP
- GIF
- SVG
- BMP
- TIFF
- And more...

### Video Formats
- MP4
- AVI
- WebM
- MKV
- MOV
- FLV
- And more...

### Audio Formats
- MP3
- WAV
- FLAC
- OGG
- AAC
- And more...

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v16+)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/brookcs3/FlipMyFile-Deploy.git
cd FlipMyFile-Deploy

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up environment variables
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration

# Start the development server
npm run dev
```

## Project Structure

```
FlipMyFile/
├── client/             # Frontend code
├── server/             # Backend server
├── shared/             # Shared types and utilities
├── scripts/            # Build and utility scripts
├── docs/               # Documentation
└── versions/           # Version snapshots
```

## Step-by-Step Tutorial

### 1. Setting Up the Environment

1. Make sure you have Node.js v16+ installed
```bash
node --version
```

2. Clone the repository and install dependencies
```bash
git clone https://github.com/brookcs3/FlipMyFile-Deploy.git
cd FlipMyFile-Deploy
npm install
```

3. Create your environment file
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

### 2. Using the Basic Converter

1. Navigate to http://localhost:3000 in your browser
2. Click the "Upload File" button
3. Select the file you want to convert
4. Choose your target format from the dropdown menu
5. Click "Convert"
6. When conversion is complete, click "Download" to save your file

### 3. Advanced Conversion Options

1. For advanced options, click "Show Advanced Options"
2. Adjust quality, resolution, or format-specific settings
3. Apply custom transformations if needed
4. Click "Convert" to process with these settings

### 4. Using the FFmpeg-Enhanced Converter

1. Navigate to the FFmpeg demo page at http://localhost:3000/ffmpeg-demo
2. Upload your media file
3. Select from the expanded format options
4. Adjust advanced parameters as needed
5. Click "Convert" to process your file
6. Download the converted file when ready

### 5. Creating a Backup

1. To create a system backup:
```bash
./scripts/create_version.sh "Your version description"
```

2. List available backups:
```bash
./scripts/list_versions.sh
```

3. Restore from a backup:
```bash
./scripts/restore_version.sh "version_name"
```

### 6. Contributing to the Project

1. Create a new branch for your feature
```bash
git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
```

2. Make your changes and commit them
```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Add your feature description"
```

3. Push your branch and create a pull request
```bash
git push origin feature/your-feature-name
```

### 7. Extending Format Support

1. To add support for a new format:
   - Add the format identifier in `shared/formats.ts`
   - Implement converter in `client/converters/` directory
   - Add UI elements for the new format in the frontend

2. Test your new format:
   - Create test files in various sizes and configurations
   - Run conversion tests both ways (to and from your format)
   - Document any limitations or special handling requirements

### 8. Custom Transformation Workflows

1. Create a custom workflow for batch processing:
   - Define your workflow in a JSON configuration file
   - Add your configuration to the `workflows/` directory
   - Use the batch processing API to execute your workflow

2. Example workflow command:
```bash
npm run workflow:execute -- --config=workflows/my-custom-workflow.json
```

### 9. Deploying to Production

1. Build the production version:
```bash
npm run build
```

2. Deploy using your preferred hosting service (Vercel, Netlify, etc.)
```bash
npm run deploy
```

3. For server components, consider using Docker:
```bash
docker build -t flipmyfile .
docker run -p 3000:3000 flipmyfile
```

### 10. Troubleshooting Common Issues

1. If conversions are failing:
   - Check that FFmpeg is properly installed
   - Verify file permissions on input/output directories
   - Check browser console for detailed error messages

2. If performance is slow:
   - Enable the cache system in settings
   - Reduce the quality settings for faster conversions
   - Process smaller batches for large conversion jobs

Feel free to open issues on GitHub if you encounter any problems!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
```
